Dashboards first 20 lines optimization (#4084)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/import-dashboards.md

# Import a dashboard [_import_dashboards]

Import dashboards into {{product.kibana}} from NDJSON files exported from other {{product.kibana}} instances or spaces. When you import a dashboard, you also import its related objects such as data views and visualizations, making it easy to migrate dashboards between environments or share them with other teams.

## Requirements [import-dashboard-requirements]

To import dashboards, you need:

> * **Create** and **Edit** permissions for the **Dashboard** and **Saved Objects** features in {{product.kibana}}

Author: ```suggestion
* **All** privilege for the **Dashboard** and **Saved Objects Management** features in {{product.kibana}}
```
